fix: move from event-source-polyfill to fetch-event-source (#24861)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/empty-avocados-tease.md

---

> '@backstage/plugin-scaffolder': minor
> '@backstage/plugin-techdocs': minor

Reviewer: this are patches, right?

```suggestion
'@backstage/plugin-scaffolder': patch
'@backstage/plugin-techdocs': patch
```

---

> Use fetch-event-source instead of event-source-polify in order to stop hardcoding the Authorization header and reuse the fetchApi configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Internal updates to allow reusing Backstage's `fetchApi` implementation for event source requests. This allows you to for example, override the `Authorization` header.
```
